.programmerignore
    {This document is designed to structure how we will be completing the rest of the engine.

    We will be moving to a new system, shutting down lots of the square functionality, this will now be
     exactly what a square should be, a placeholder for either a piece, or not a piece. The goal is to
     have a 2d array of square in the board s.t. we will play around with the pieces by way of the
     board. The board is now the central control of the game, as it should be.

    Next steps from here (if there is a 1 next to the action item, it has been completed):
    1 - Modify squares to new structure
    1 - Modify board to accommodate
    0 - Modify Bishop and King to not take in a board, but instead to give gridpoints of ANY potential
        move, whether it's valid. They don't even need a gridpoint either, that method will simply take
        in a gridpoint and spit out a list.
    0 - Build the rest of the pieces
    0 - Build the board initialization
    0 - Make the next action items


    Things to look into when back to internet:
    0 - Board Copy Constructor and Assignment Operator code overlap
    0 - Make the toString functions for everything
    0 - uint32_t stuff
    0 - nodiscard?}


Lirk it's probably time to implement some design patterns.
I'm thinking we need to restructure the pieces as composite, implement commands for ease of use with backwards forwards
moves and all that, bridge comes through command theoretically/naturally, factory will be required for command, and
we'll see what else might fit in. Happy coding :) !

With this I'm tossing a .programmerignore (.gitignore for myself haha) around the previous workflow.


IMPORTANT: Lirk we're probably going to need to blow this up on a whiteboard.


New Action Items:
0 - Convert pieces to a composite structure
    0 - Include getting the piece value counts
0 - Command pattern to move the pieces
    0 - PRIORITY: Look into move semantics first
    0 - Don't forget to work out states before diving in
0 - Let's get a pseudo-singleton in that will be global within each board frame
    - Idea here is that this will determine if the state of the board within the frame has changed for each of the
      composite tree metrics that would otherwise cause a rerun of the recursive algo for things like point totals
    0 - Work out logic of a pseudo-singleton
0 - Try to implement Observer to function as the board maybe, because that is kinda how it works.
        Also would be more easily modifiable for future use.
0 - Evaluation function logic
0 - Minimax algorithm logic
0 - Figure out proper implementation of eval function and minimax algo
0 - Probably going to need some main function to handle working through everything
    0 - I would suggest looking through Hemmingway's Tree-Eval program to figure out the best way of doing that
0 - Look into MCTS
0 - Assess if we need anything else or need to rework the workflow.